docs: update statistic counters of the repo (#6694)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: README.md

This list was originally a clone of [StackOverflow - List of Freely Available Programming Books](https://web.archive.org/web/20140606191453/http://stackoverflow.com/questions/194812/list-of-freely-available-programming-books/392926) with contributions from Karan Bhangui and George Stocker.

> The list was moved to GitHub by Victor Felder for collaborative updating and maintenance. It has grown to become one of [GitHub's most popular repositories](https://octoverse.github.com/), with 221,000+ stars, 6900+ commits, 1900+ contributors, and 47,100+ forks.

Reviewer: If we're going to use properly formatted numbers, probably best to be consistent and use it for all of them.

```suggestion
The list was moved to GitHub by Victor Felder for collaborative updating and maintenance. It has grown to become one of [GitHub's most popular repositories](https://octoverse.github.com/), with 221,000+ stars, 6,900+ commits, 1900+ contributors, and 47,100+ forks.
```

Author: nice format typo catch. Applying...

If I'd have to choose one, will be without commas.
